**What I accomplished:**
During this independent project, I followed a tutorial about createGraphics() function in p5 javascript. On one of the canvas I drew small white circles that do not erase and stay on the screen. On the other canvas, I drew a star,space ship, and planets that do not leave a trail behind. All these shapes are dynamic and move in the sketch. For example, I created a space ship that moves horizontally across the screen, and when it goes off the screen on the right side, it will return to the left side. The space ship can also speed up when you press "s". Another example, is if the star goes off the screen, it will return to the center of the screen. I also created circles that orbit the sun. I did this in a personal project last year and I added this to the September IDP. 

**What I wished I had accomplished:**
One thing I wished I could have accomplished is being able to move the space ship up and down the screen. I would do this by adding a key pressed function to the code. For example, if you press the up arrow, y ++, abd if you press the down arrow, y --. Another thing I wished a had accomplished is creating more planets. In my sketch, I have a sun and three plants. If I had more time I would make all the planets in the solar system, so the sketch would be more realistic.

**What I learned:**
During this IDP, I learned about the createGraphics funtion in P5 javascript through a tutorial. With this function I was able to create two canvases. On one of the canvas you can have shapes that are drawn with a trail and do not erase. You can also have a canvas that has shapes that move and do not leave a trail behind. Last year I created a personal project that represented the solar systen with plants orbiting the sun. By using the createGraphics function, I added some parts of my personal project last year and improved it. Through this IDP I am comfortable and understand the createGraphic function.